---
layout: post
title:  Hello YouTube
date:   2017-02-18 14:12:13
categories: info
permalink: /info/hello
---

# Hello YouTube

This idea started while playing Astroneer online with my best friend. This avenue will give me the change of tapping/creating the creative side of my mind as I'm usually always in the analytical mindset.


## Inspiration

For years my friends and I have watched Philip DeFranco and he has always been inspirational.

One of his videos covers the idea of why someone wants to run a YouTube channel, [@ 2:35](https://youtu.be/h_jdn_zpTmc?t=2m35s).

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/h_jdn_zpTmc?t=2m35s" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

So to answer the main two questions that come up during that conversation of why someone is running their channel:

### Why

Why do I want to create content for YouTube?

* I'm very analytical and this gives me the change to be in a creative mindset.
* In my friend circle I tend to be the more quiet one and this will hopefully force me to have a more outside dialog.

So it basically breaks down to me using this as an avenue to force myself into a more foreign and uncomfortable realm. 

### How 

How do I plan on creating content for YouTube?

It can be very daunting thinking about the process as a whole and the feedback that will be given to each video. Breaking things down into small managable tasks can ease this whole process.

To start out we plan on trying to maintain once a week postings to get familiar with the over all process. Once certain effecienies are met upping the content to two to three per week.



